News content is a great way to keep your audience up to date on what's happening in your industry,
news is interesting because it usually won't drive long term traffic, but it can drive a substantial
amount of short term traffic if you do it.
Well, in my experience, there are two distinct approaches that are really effective, either be the
first or be the best.
If you're the first person to cover an important story, you'll naturally get a lot of shares in traffic
and links as the original source.
But if you're not first, and let's be honest, most of the time you won't be.
You can spend some extra time to offer additional context and analysis that the original source may
have neglected.
For example, you can explain the implications of a story, how it applies to your audience and what
they specifically need to know about it.
You don't need to cover every single thing that happens in your industry, just the stories that actually
impact your audience.
In fact, you shouldn't feel obligated to do news content at all unless doing so provides some kind
of value to your audience.
Providing value is always the number one goal.